Self
===

Hi, My name is Teguh and I am currently on my last semester studying Economic in Korea University. I do love technology, computer and gadgets which become my reason to study Information Technology as my bachelor degree. Even in Master level, I would like to learn my interest in much less technical aspects. In Economic major, I took specialization in decision theory and industrial organization in IT industries, which boost up my analytical skills in term of microeconomics, decision support with also considering technology aspects learned from my undergraduate. 

Before I left Indonesia, I was a product developer for a software house and IT consultancy company. During my employment I learned a lot about the implementation of my courses back in the undergraduate. I developed several web application for various government institutions in the form of dashboard, knowledge services, meeting management, and informative sites. I also took part in implementing middleware for GIS. 


strength
==
I love to learn and to analyze things, which make me having no troubles in learning something new such as courses, technologies, platform, situation, etc. During my previous employment, I always asked to be pioneer in development and technological improvement to this reason. This become my value in advancing knowledge and to be further leading a team. 

I do also enjoy working with varying people, I could get opinion as well as critics to my performance or current project. And I believe, to be a good leader we must able to mingle with our colleagues. 


weakness
==
When I am on a project, I usually work with detail-oriented and pretty much opiniated and result in taking extra time on checking and fixing things.This could make the project finish too close to deadline and taking too much resources. However, as I get along with team and working phase I could overcome that matter while maintaining the perfection of the project.

goal
==
As a teenager I dreamed to be a creator. I used to design, trying to code, or blueprinting something. To those matter I took my career as developer. As time goes by, I learned that a creator can be anywhere in various scales. And becoming such person need a lot of consideration and knowledge in different aspects.

With my knowledge in both technology and economy, and with the fast developing company as Samsung, I would like to contribute my dedication to solve problems, optimize things, and create innovation in the working area.

I Hope I could reach highest possible level and give as well as learn with and to Samsung. And I am sure with my references and experience I could give the best to Samsung





===== ERICSSON CL ====
Hi, My name is Teguh, a 25 years old Indonesian who is currently studying on my last semester of master degree at Korea University, South Korea.

I would like to say myself as an analyst in reason to my education backgrounds and experiences. To this moment I came from multidisciplinary, economic and computer science background, yet it focus on one field which is Information Technology. 

In Seoul, South Korea, I took master in economic specializing in microeconomics and Industrial Organization especially for IT industry. My main reason taking this major is because I would like to learn matter on IT in the less technical aspects. A bit away from code and so yet I still practice and maintain my skill by joining several organization activity. In my final semester, I write thesis on "Optimal position auction on Mobile Application Stores" which I think is the combination of algorithm in economic way. I calculate the effective pricing and quality for advertisement auction in well-known mobile application stores.

I have been loving this field since my early age of middle school, from the day my father bought me my own computer. I started to use different apps, design layout and code as well. Then I decided to take my high level education in this field.

I got my bachelor degree in information technology from President University, Indonesia. I took specialization in software and web development. During my undergraduate level, I learned mostly technical aspect such as programming, system analyst and development, and algorithm strategy.

Several month before I graduated, I already  accepted at a IT consultancy company. In which I learned as well as implemented my knowledge more in software and web development. Before I resigned to continue my study, I had developed several web application including dashboard and GIS application and also implemented middleware to maintain data control and service redirection to our client.

Take away my experiences and education, my friends and family marked me as a friendly and fast-learner person. I always motivate myself with word "do the best in everything" either it is work, study, or social life. Even though sometimes I could get opinionated, I always self-motivate and get out from the mouse-hole.

Now, my plan is to learn and to contribute more to this field. I hope Ericson could give me a valuable opportunity to move forward as a friend and learning partner.